Fix copyfile_eeglab type conflicts (#1126)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Amending a dataset now works in cases where the newly-written data contains additional participant properties (new columns in ``participants.tsv``) not found in the existing dataset, by `Richard Höchenberger`_ (:gh:`1113`)

> - Fixes copyfile_eeglab to prevent data int conversion and eeg_checkset failure, by `Laetitia Fesselier`_ (:gh:`1122`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes :func:`~mne_bids.copyfiles.copyfile_eeglab` to prevent data type conversion leading to an ``eeg_checkset`` failure when trying to load the file in EEGLAB, by `Laetitia Fesselier`_ (:gh:`1122`)
```
